.TH AWA5P 1 2024-03-04 awa5x
\" Copyright ©  2024  Stark Night.
\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
\" A copy of the license is included in the file called COPYING_DOCUMENTATION.
.SH NAME
awa5p \- AWA5 preprocessor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awa5p
.I FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Writing AWA5 according to its specifications can be tedious; this
preprocessor allows defining awatisms by their name rather than their
representation in awatalk.
.PP
This preprocessor will print the result of parsing the file to the
standard output stream; it is therefore necessary to explicitly
redirect it to a file, for example using the shell's redirection
operator.
.PP
Each preprocessor directive must be on a line on its own; writing more
than one on the same line will result in input being silently
discarded.
.PP
To output an awatism, prefix the opcode's name with the
.B #
character.
This character can be preceded by any amount of whitespaces but must
be immediately followed by the opcode name.
.PP
This tool is able to include other files and recursively process them,
using directives starting the the
.B >
character.
This character can be preceded by any amount of whitespaces but must
be immediately followed by the name of the file to include.
If the file does not exist a warning will be emitted, but the
directive will be ignored.
.PP
Any line not recognized as a valid directive will be silently
discarded and will not appear in the output.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
0
if execution terminated normally,
.TP
1
in case of errors.
.SH BUGS
.PP
The file inclusion directive will search the file starting from the
current working directory in which the tool has been executed.
.PP
This behaviour would likely never change, so it is recommended for
structured codebases to use tools (editors, build systems and so on)
able to make it safe and find the expected files in the expected
locations.
.PP
For example, a build system might add another preprocessing layer
which will substitute all relative paths with absolute paths only
during the compilation step.
Alternatively, a development environment might change the working
directory before executing the preprocessor.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Reports for bugs and other unexpected results can be sent to:
<starknightawawa@gmail.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR awa5 (1),
.BR awa5c (1)
