.TH AWA5 1 2024-03-04 awa5x
\" Copyright ©  2024  Stark Night.
\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
\" A copy of the license is included in the file called COPYING_DOCUMENTATION.
.SH NAME
awa5 \- execute compiled AWA5 programs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awa5
.I FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Read the given
.I FILE
and try to execute it. The file must be a compiled
AWA5 program, otherwise this tool will terminate with a malformed
input error.
.PP
This manual page refers only to the
.IR "awa5 tool" ,
for details about the AWA5 language consult other sources.
.PP
Execution of
.I FILE
will be suspended whenever user input is requested,
which can be given through the standard input stream.
Errors are output on the standard error stream.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
0
if execution terminated normally,
.TP
1
in case of errors.
.SH STANDARDS
This tool implements most of the original AWA5.0 specification, but
introduces new opcodes and allows 8 bits parameters for every Awatism.
.SH HISTORY
The first AWA5.0 specification was released here:
.UR https://github.com/TempTempai/AWA5.0
<https://github.com/TempTempai/AWA5.0>
.UE .
This tool is an extension to that specification.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Reports for bugs and other unexpected results can be sent to:
<starknightawawa@gmail.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR awa5c (1),
.BR awa5p (1),
.BR awa5d (1)
