.TH AWA5C 1 2024-03-04 awa5x
\" Copyright ©  2024  Stark Night.
\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
\" A copy of the license is included in the file called COPYING_DOCUMENTATION.
.SH NAME
awa5c \- compile AWA5 code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awa5c
.I FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Compile the given
.I FILE
into bytecode which can be executed by a
compliant virtual machine, or equivalent system.
.PP
The compiled code is printed to the standard output stream; it is
therefore necessary to explicitly redirect it to a file, for example
using the shell's redirection operator.
.PP
This manual page refers only to the
.IR "awa5 compiler" ,
for details about the AWA5 language consult other sources.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
0
if execution terminated normally,
.TP
1
in case of errors.
.SH STANDARDS
This tool implements most of the original AWA5.0 specification, but
introduces new opcodes and allows 8 bits parameters for every Awatism.
.SH HISTORY
The first AWA5.0 specification was released here:
.UR https://github.com/TempTempai/AWA5.0
<https://github.com/TempTempai/AWA5.0>
.UE .
This tool compiles an extension of that specification.
.SH BUGS
In case of malformed files the error messages are rather terse; it's
doubtful if there will ever be an effort to make them more complete.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Reports for bugs and other unexpected results can be sent to:
<starknightawawa@gmail.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR awa5 (1),
.BR awa5p (1),
.BR awa5d (1)
